Feat: Add Prometheus Postfix exporter (#4197)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

- **Internal:**
  - Add password confirmation to several `setup` CLI subcommands ([#4072](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4072))

> - **Features**
>   - `postfix_exporter` to get metrics from Postfix, such as queued messages.
> - **Environment Variables**
>   - `ENABLE_EXPORTER` to start the Postfix exporter (default: 0)
> - **Tests**
>   - Add tests to see if the exporter starts correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Features**
  - Prometheus `postfix_exporter`
    - to get metrics from Postfix, such as queued messages
    - environment variable `ENABLE_PROMETHEUS_POSTFIX_EXPORTER` to start the Postfix exporter (default: 0)
    - tests to see if the exporter starts correctly
```
